Update GetPlayerAnimationFlags.md, added code sample and a warning (#874)
openmultiplayer/web: docs/scripting/functions/GetPlayerAnimationFlags.md

## Returns

Returns the player animation flags as an integer.

## Examples

In order to get each flag separately, bit masking is used.

```c

#define ANIM_FREEZE_FLAG   0b0000000000000100
#define ANIM_LOCK_X_FLAG   0b0010000000000
#define ANIM_LOCK_Y_FLAG   0b0001000000000
#define ANIM_LOOP_FLAG     0b0000100000000

public OnPlayerCommandText(playerid, cmdtext[])
{
    if (!strcmp(cmdtext, "/myanimflags"))
    {
        new messageString[128];

>         new flags = GetPlayerAnimFlags(playerid);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        new flags = GetPlayerAnimationFlags(playerid);
```

        new bool:freeze  =   (flags & ANIM_FREEZE_FLAG) != 0 ? true : false;
        new bool:lockx   =   (flags & ANIM_LOCK_X_FLAG) != 0 ? true : false;
        new bool:locky   =   (flags & ANIM_LOCK_Y_FLAG) != 0 ? true : false;
        new bool:loop    =   (flags & ANIM_LOOP_FLAG) != 0 ? true : false;

>         format(messageString, sizeof(messageString), "You anim flags are: [freeze:%i] [lockx:%i] [locky:%i] [loop:%i]", freeze, lockx, locky, loop);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        format(messageString, sizeof(messageString), "Your anim flags are: [freeze:%i] [lockx:%i] [locky:%i] [loop:%i]", freeze, lockx, locky, loop);
```

        SendClientMessage(playerid, -1, messageString);

        return 1;
    }

    return 0;
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Notes

```

:::warning

> If the player is in a vehicle, all returned animation flags are 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the player state is not on-foot, all returned animation flags are 0.
```
